No multiprocessing (#1256)
joblib/joblib: doc/parallel.rst

(when done in a library) as it does not make it possible to override that
choice with the ``parallel_backend`` context manager.

.. topic:: The loky backend may not always be available

   Some rare systems do not support multiprocessing (for instance

>    pyiodine). In this case the loky backend is not availble and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Pyodide). In this case the loky backend is not available and the
```
